The host, Fu Yunxi, is downstairs
So early
No, it's been hours.
So he came last night at midnight
warm
Why are you here?
I want to see you.
I want to tell you
I'll take care of that.
Don't be angry with me, okay?
I said it yesterday, I don't blame you.
Then why don't you want me?
Fu Yunxi
I think you should be aware of our relationship
We all get what we want
No, it's not like that.
I'm going to film
I will be late for a while, which will delay everyone's work.
Then don't block me
Don't ignore me, okay?
I promise.
I won't bother you anymore just
I'm just afraid I'll never find you again
Okay, go back and rest
Then I'll go back and deal with those who bully you first.
You wait
Minister Liu helped me personally send a statement to recall this matter
The person who spread this rumor must be found out
Ok vice president
I'll do it right away
Sister Meng
Check it out now
The company's business dealings with each of these II groups
Whether it is advancing or intentional projects
remake all
Ok vice president
Further inform the board of directors
From now on, the deputy director of the auditor will be relieved of all instructions
Okay. Okay.